Jehovah has been so good to us.
We enjoy a busy life full of blessings . . .
. . . including one we didn’t expect.
We love our little Emma so much!
But child-rearing was harder than we thought.
Most days went well
—others, not so much.
I just need some rest.
When will things be back to normal?
I wake with every little cry!
I wake when she’s silent.
Am I doing this right?
I should check on them.
Any time to ourselves was time to do nothing.
Fatigue was affecting
our relationship with Jehovah . . .
. . . and each other.
We were so relieved
when David, a father himself,
offered to visit with another elder.
We read Isaiah 40:29:
“He gives power to the tired one
and full might to those lacking strength.”
As a loving Father,
Jehovah wants parents to succeed.
So he gives us
what we need to recharge us.
Things might never be like they were before.
But his suggestions helped us create
a practical and consistent spiritual routine.
David said it’s normal
for new parents to feel anxious,
and anxiety is tiring.
So we pray for a calm heart . . .
. . . and extra kindness when tired,
so we can keep working as a team.
I so appreciate Zack’s help.
And I’m sacrificing some unnecessary things
to put spiritual things first.
There will always be a lot to do.
But when Emma sleeps,
I feed my faith
and rest.
Our new spiritual routine is invigorating.
Hey, Daddy!
Look!
Hey.
Jehovah helped us to understand.
While life in this system
may have many challenges,
putting spiritual things first
will give us the strength to meet them.